In this lecture we will cover comments and HVM L if you have used any other languages you're probably
familiar with the term Commons comments or lines of code not executed by the computer they serve as
a means for developers to communicate make notes or test out pieces of code without deleting existing
code.
H.M.S. provides the comment tag to add comments to our H.T. email documents NHT mail comment tag is
written in this format and angular bracket starts and ends the tag as it does with other tags before
the comment text comes an exclamation mark and two hyphens and after the comment text comes two hyphens.
Here are some examples of comments.
Notice the syntax highlighting feature of our idea turns the comment a different color.
This can be visually helpful while we are typing or code.
Also note that we can have a comment that spans more than one line.
If you're running into errors in your code you can comment out lines one by one to see which line is
causing the issue.
Let's also go over another way that we can add comments to our code.
The Visual Studio code editor allows us to highlight a line of code and use the hot key control forward
slash to comment out that line of code.
For example let's add a paragraph tag with some text content to our code.
Then we will highlight the line of code we just typed by clicking and dragging over it with our mouse.
We will hit the keyboard shortcut control forward slash and see that a comment was just added that comments
out this line of code.
Note that I'm recording this video on a Windows machine.
If you are using a different type of computer and this key combination doesn't work for you you can
go to view command pallete and type in the word comment out of the options that come up.
Look for the target line comment option.
This is the option I am using and the key combination that the editor will show you in this menu will
be equivalent to the control forward Shlash key combo.
I am using we can also comment out several lines of code at once using the same key combination in the
next lecture.
We will look at a recap of what we learned in this section.